A1
family
stranggr event
subject
place
sport
the thing that you can read
time  
job
use in daily life
sport
eaten as a light meal
a device consisting of a circular canopy of cloth on a folding metal frame supported by a central rod
the day of the week
season
vegetable that used in cooking
place for dating
people who can’t speak human language
month
place
travel somewhere
A2
an event not intended by anyone but which has the result of injuring someone or damaging something
occupation
sport
subject
mistake, fault
gender
things such as chairs, tables, beds, cupboards, etc. that are put into a house
a continuous pain in the head.
have 6 legs
a computer that is portable and suitable for use while traveling.
yellow fruit
vehicle 
a long printed story about imaginary characters and events
a liquid obtained from petroleum
subject
someone whose job is to study a subject carefully, especially in order to discover new information or understand the subject better
bronze, ...., gold, diamond 
an organ in the body where food is digested
an extremely small piece of organic material that causes disease in humans, animals, and plants
a machine, usually with wheels and an engine, used for transporting people or goods, especially on land
B1
a clear liquid that can make you drunk
the person in command of a ship.
wedding 
an athletic instructor or trainer.
natural disaster
sensory
activities relating to keeping healthy and strong
the spirit of a dead person
an extremely strong feeling of fear and shock
a sudden short sound caused by a blow, especially on a door to attract attention or gain entry.
Magic is the art and skill of performing mysterious tricks to entertain people
a place or event at which people meet in order to buy and sell things
the area of a town that surrounds someone's home
a way or track laid down for walking or made by continual treading
danger substance
a mechanical device that works automatically or by computer control
a carved or cast figure of a person or animal, especially one that is life-size or larger.
a session of medical care or the administration of a dose of medicine
a state of being unhappy, disappointed, worried
a thing designed or used for inflicting bodily harm or physical damage
B2
to mark directions for delivery on
microscopic living organisms, usually one-celled including some that can cause disease.
organ
a disease in which cells in the body grow without control
to cause someone to become interested or involved in an activity, or to attract someone's interest
angle, god
unit of length 
a judge or magistrate, in particular a judge of the Supreme Court of a country or state.
a member of the government who is in charge of a particular department or has an important position in it
repeated pattern of movement or sound.
a place giving temporary protection from bad weather or danger
the treatment of injuries or diseases in people or animals by cutting open the body and removing or repairing the damaged part
an abundance of valuable possessions or money.
any of a group of natural substances that are necessary in small amount for the growth and good health of the body.
everyone have
important assignment
organ
a small, metal object that is shot from a gun
a legally recognized subject or national of a state or commonwealth, either native or naturalized.
bad dream
C1
the state of being away from a place or person.
(in the UK, Canada, and other Commonwealth countries) the committee of senior ministers responsible for controlling government policy.
the piece of ground on which a battle is or was fought.
try hard to do or achieve something
the line at which the earth's surface and the sky appear to meet.
the ceremonies honoring a dead person, typically involving burial or cremation
a burial ground, especially one beside a church
a danger or risk, chance; probability.
take someone away illegally
a person who rents land, a building, or an apartment to a tenant.
a woman who is sexually or romantically attracted exclusively to other women.
kindness that makes you forgive someone, usually someone that you have authority over
the person with the highest authority or most important position in an organization, institution, or group.
a person's home
harm done to someone as a punishment for harm that they have done to someone else.
to give up something for something else considered more important.
self-annihilation
a cup or other decorative object awarded as a prize for a victory or success
a brave or experienced soldier or fighter.
heart beat
C2
an unfortunate condition or event
a girl or young woman, especially an unmarried one
to strike or hit hard, with or as with the hand, a stick, or other weapon
chance or luck as an external, arbitrary force affecting human affairs.
a person living in solitude as a religious discipline.
a situation, person, or thing that combines contradictory features or qualities.
a shy, reticent person.
a widespread occurrence of an infectious disease over a whole country or the world at a particular time.
a young unmarried woman.
to copy the style of someone or something in a humorous way
the top or highest part
a phrase or expression that has been used so often that it is no longer original or interesting or effective.
extremely shocked.
throw (an object) with great force.
to express grief, sorrow, or any overpowering emotion by shedding tears
a solemn promise.
light in color or having little color
a sexual relationship, especially one that is secret and involves unfaithfulness to a partner.
money or food given to poor people.
living together and have a sexual relationship, but are not married